---
layout: post
title: Global Game Jam 2021
tags: [Godot, ggj, ggj2021]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

My participation on the global game jam of 2021.
<!--more-->

## About my participation.
This will be a small article.
I was and still am a gamer and always wanted to create my own game, even a small project.<br/>
The perfect opportunity was the global game jam, but I was always reluctant to join, until this year.<br/>
I joined just for fun and eventually found and amazing team.<br/>
Read more about the [global game jam](https://globalgamejam.org/).

## How to make your own game.

With the aforementioned amazing team we decided to use the [godot](https://godotengine.org/) engine, which is open source and very very lightweight. <br/>
It was surprisingly strong as well, kudos to the supporters!! <br/>
The only issue is that it has a small community so its not always easy to find help but it's also a very eager community to provide whatever they can.<br/>
Next we had to come up with a concept, it was actually a very simple one. <br/>
It would be a simple humanoid character, having his chill adventure, exploring islands and gathering coins, getting lost in an imaginary world and relaxing with music.<br/>
Not all games need to have a goal in my opinion, sometimes you need something fulfilling to relax.<br/>
The link for the game is [here](https://freskoulix.github.io/ggj-2021/index.html) and you can find the code [here](https://github.com/freskoulix/ggj-2021).<br/>
Keep in mind that the game is web hosted and is around 50MB meaning it will take some time to load.<br/>

## GGJ

Please do join the global game jam, it doesn't feel like a competition at all!! I will join again next year since it was one of my best experiences.<br/>
Special thanks to me team, you can find their names in the repo in case you need artists, musicians or developers.<br/>
Enjoy!